ICMP Security consideration (#115)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

such scenarios, endpoints MUST follow the recommendations from
{{!BCP38=RFC2827}} to prevent source address spoofing.

> Assigning the same external IP address to multiple different endpoints
> requesting service can be done if they don't have overlapping IP
> protocol number scope. However, in that case allowing ICMP to be
> forward to one of the endpoints will enable limited monitoring of the
> other endpoints. If IP traffic from the other endpoints results in
> that the network sends back an ICMP message that would be forward and
> include part of the packet sent revealing IP destination, protocol and
> possibly part of the payload. Therefore if multiple endpoints are
> allowed to share the same external IP address the ICMP message MUST be
> filtered to only forward ICMP related to IP packets sent by the endpoint
> receiving this ICMP.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limiting request scope (see {{scope}}) allows two clients to share one
of the proxy's external IP addresses if their requests are scoped to different
IP protocol numbers. If the proxy receives an ICMP packet destined for that
external IP address, it has the option to forward it back to the clients.
However, some of these ICMP packets carry part of the original IP packet
that triggered the ICMP response. Forwarding such packets can accidentally
divulge information about one client's traffic to another client. To avoid this,
proxies that forward ICMP on shared external IP addresses MUST inspect
the invoking packet included in the ICMP packet and only forward the ICMP
packet to the client whose scoping matches the invoking packet.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I support @DavidSchinazi 's suggestion
